React Advanced Concepts: remove withRouter section and add article about HOC's (#23843)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/react-js/advanced-concepts.md

#### <span id="higher-order-components">5. Higher-order Components</span>

> Higher-order [components](https://reactjs.org/docs/higher-order-components.html) are components that consume another component and return a third component. [This article](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/06/higher-order-components-react/) shows different use cases for HOC's and provides some great comparisons to help you understand.

Reviewer: Suggestion regarding improving the link text:
```suggestion
Higher-order [components](https://reactjs.org/docs/higher-order-components.html) are components that consume another component and return a third component. This [article on HOC's by Smashing Magazine](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2020/06/higher-order-components-react/) shows different use cases and provides some great comparisons to help you understand.
```
